I don't want you to sleep with me either
Can you take the initiative to kiss me?
I don't like your twisted melon, it's not sweet
I don't like consensual either
I like to preempt
Just say if you want it or not
If you don't want to, forget it.
This scoundrel will take advantage of him for a king
OK, deal, come on
Ah, all right.
Your lips are so smooth and soft
Don't forget what you promised me
You can't lie to me.
Don't worry, I'll tell Meifeng.
You will definitely see the strange fire. I will go to work first.
Hey, Brother Long, what's your relationship with Mr. Shen?
You can enter Mr. Shen's office at any time
Because the dog likes me and wants to soak me
Really? Brother Long, what's your life?
How can God like it?
Come on, you'll catch the boss too
What are you doing?
Come and smash the field, Brother Long, hurry up and call someone